11/28/98

notGNU - a GNU Emacs work-a-like text editor available for DOS, Windows
3.1*, Windows 95/NT and Unix machines.

Please see notgnu.doc for install per platform information. The .doc is
a plain ascii text file.

Basic install requires creating a directory and either setting PATH to point
to this directory (DOS) and/or creating an icon in program
manager/explorer which point at the .exe file. The user may of course
choose to install all the files in an existing directory as for \DOS or
\BIN.

This product is freeware. The only requirement is that this product not
be bundled with a for-fee product w/o prior permission. Other
distribution is allowed so long as the attached copyright is adhered
to.

The author hopes to always be available via the email address
msjulie33@mindspring.com. 


The Copyright, sorta speak...

notGNU should be regarded as copy-protected by me, Julie Melbin, as
defined via this modified excerpt from the "Artistic License":

  The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which
notGNU may be copied, such that the I maintain some semblance of
artistic control over the development, prevent someone from profitting
unknown to me from my efforts, while also providing the users of notGNU
the right to use and distribute in a more-or-less customary fashion. 

  You may make and give away verbatim copies of the binary form of 
notGNU and associated files without restriction, provided that you
duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers. Source for specific platforms where binaries are not
provided may also be distributed (as example, the unix source files); no
profit should be derived from the distribution of this specific program
in any form.

  You may otherwise modify your copy of notGNU in any way, provided that
you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating how and when
you changed that file, and allowing me to the option to include your
modifications in the supported version of notGNU.
 
  In other words, you may distribute notGNU as long as you don't
charge for it, and modify notGNU as you see fit for your own use; before
including with a sellable package, you are obliged to contact me.  

  THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


  That said, please enjoy and find it useful; that's the overall goal.
Donations and postcards graciously accepted.
 
  Julie Melbin                     email: msjulie33@mindspring.com
  P.O Box 1386
  W. Concord Ma 01742
  USA







